Oluwatobi Ekundayo

Software engineer focused on creating robust, scalable applications, specializing in automation
and web scraping. Committed to staying current with the latest technologies to drive innovation.

EXPERIENCE

ChatVE, Lagos, Nigeria — ML Engineer, Automation Engineer, Web Scraper and Full Stack
Developer

JANUARY 2023 - Present

STACK: Python, React, PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB, FastAPI, Django, Diango REST Framework,
Tensorflow, Next,js, Pandas, Matplotlib

e Employed the use of a deep understanding of statistics to build well-developed
and industry standard SVMs which were to fact-check claims in real time at record
speed.

e Visualized data to identify key areas of improvement in training curves for LLMs
helping to reduce tine spent debugging and troubleshooting by 30%

e Automated deployments to google cloud with CI/CD significantly reducing
deployment time by 80%

e Collected data from all parts of the internet to use in the training of LLMs with the
use of web scraping tools like Selenium, Scrapy and Playwright

e Wrote APIs with FastAPI to easily integrate web interfaces with ML models on the
frontend.

Infignity, London, United Kingdom — Full Stack Web Developer, Automation Engineer, Web
Scraper and ML Engineer

MARCH 2023 - Present

STACK: Python, React, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, TensorFlow, Spacy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Nextjs,
Django, GraphQL

e Developed marketing software for the web that were powered by custom large
language models
e Collected and scraped data from different platforms to generate leads for
marketing purposes
e Automated tasks like account generation, data entry and web scraping to help cut
down the hours of the operations team by over 10 hours/week.
e Managed a web application with over 10,000 monthly users using custom
developed CRMs that provided valuable insights to facilitate management.
e Wrote NLP CNNs with TensorFlow and spacy that achieved accuracies between 80-
90% after training.
Brain Box Intel, Lagos, Nigeria — Full Stack Web Developer
OCTOBER 2023 - Present
STACK: Python, React, PostgreSQL, DRF, Datadog

e Integrated GitHub actions into the company’s CI/CD pipeline to help speed up
deploys and ship products faster.
e Administrated and managed over 2,000 monthly users on the app.
e Performed test- driven development by writing new unit tests for new APIs on
DRF, increasing code coverage by 23%.
e Integrated Google Site Analytics for real time monitoring of web app performance
and user metrics.
CareerEdu, London, United Kingdom — Full Stack Developer and Data Scientist
FEBRUARY 2022 - JANUARY 2023

STACK: Python, HTML, JavaScript, CSS, Tailwind, PostgreSQL, DRF, Datadog, Matplotlib, Numpy,
Pandas

e _ Explored, cleaned and presented insights from data collected overtime from users
using frameworks like Pandas and Matplotlib.
e Crafted and implemented new features developed upon existing data.
e Used NLP techniques to perform text mining, sentiment analysis and language
modelling
e Documented and maintained existing codebase that consisted of web and LLM
applications to help cut down time spent trying to understand a project.
More of my experience is located on my
website(https://tobitherevolutionary.pythonanywhere.com/#resume)
EDUCATION
Ahmadu Bello University, Kaduna — B.Eng(Computer Engineering)
January 2023 - October 2028

As it stands, Iam a student of Ahmadu Bello University where I am a second year student
majoring in computer engineering where I boast an impressive 4.89/5.00 GPA

PROJECTS

ProgenX — Portfolio Generation App

Read about it on my github(https://github.com/Tobitheprof/progenex/tree/main )
ProgressWave — eLearning Application

Read about it on my GitHub (https://github.com/Tobitheprof/progresswave)

Sigma — Health App

Read about Sigma on my GitHub (https://github.com/Tobitheprof/sigma/tree/master)

Kawo, Kaduna

Kaduna, 800213

(234) 91-5937-2550
tobiekundayo07@gmail.com

SOCIALS

Linkedin:

https://www.linkedin.com/in/oluwat

obi-ekundayo-283b60229/

Github:
https://github.com/Tobitheprof

SKILLS

Full Stack Web Development
Web Scraping.

Cloud Engineering.
Cyber Security.
Automation.

LLM Development.
Data Manipulation.
Data Visualization.
Prompt Engineering.
Technical Writing.
Object Oriented Programming
Project Management.
HOBBIES

PC Building
Electronics

Anime

Manga

Comics

Gaming

Books

Football

Music
